[Term Entry] Dart List .insert() (#4928)
Codecademy/docs: content/dart/concepts/list/terms/insert/insert.md

---
Title: '.insert()'

> Description: 'Inserts multiple elements into a list at a specified index.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Inserts an element at a specified index in a list.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Collections'
  - 'Dart'
  - 'Lists'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-dart'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.insert()`** method in Dart inserts an element at a specified index in a list and shifts subsequent elements to the right.

## Syntax

```pseudo
list.insert(int index, E element);
```

- `index`: The position where the element will be inserted.
- `element`: The element is the value to be added.

## Example

> In the following example, the `.insert()` method is used to insert the number 3 at the second index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `.insert()` method is used to insert the number `3` at the second index:
```

```dart
void main() {
  List<int> numbers = [1, 2, 4, 5];
  print('Original list: $numbers');
  
  // Inserting the number 3 at index 2
  numbers.insert(2, 3);
  print('List after insertion: $numbers');
}
```

> The output of the above code is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of the above example code is as follows:
```
